<p>
One-to-one relationships are a seventh house function. The eleventh house is best understood as one that governs an individual’s one-to-many relationships. This implies your relationship with friends, extended family, and the organization you work for, and so on. Saturn in the eleventh house, therefore, works much in the same way as in the seventh (read Saturn in the seventh), except that the nature of the relationships are different. You may find socializing tiresome and prefer to stay alone. Many people with this position feel some disdain for the superficial workings of casual friendships and of the group — that is, they feel uncomfortable and self-conscious about “going through the motions”, doing and saying the right things, and so forth. At the root of this perception, there may be a fear of failure in a group setting. It may be easier to fall back on, and take too much pride in, your uniqueness as an individual rather than submit to the idea that you belong and identify with a group. It can be a fear of being “ordinary” or just part of the crowd that prevents you from loosening up in social situations. The fact that you take friendships more seriously than most can give you a heavy sense of responsibility and reluctance to form ties as if you somehow sense that forming them will burden or obligate you too much. Staying alone might seem to be a better use of your time. Watch out for this. A deep-seated feeling of loneliness and separateness may be the result. Take time to personalize your social interactions. Since you find group activity uncomfortable, develop a few good friends to hang out with. You have a greater capacity than most to be a loyal and long-standing friend! Beyond friendships and groups, the eleventh house is associated with our long-term goals, hopes, and dreams. Saturn here can make you just as reluctant to commit to any one life path, and to articulate or define your innermost wishes, as you are to attach yourself to a group identity. It is as if doing so would be too binding and revealing. When you learn to identify and overcome your fear of failure, you will discover that this fear has been the only thing holding you back from defining and working towards your dreams.
</p>