{
    "paragraphs": [
        "Capricorn is a feet-on-the-ground, eye-on-the-prize sign. Those with Sun in Capricorn have a realistic, grounded approach to life that can be seen no matter how dreamy the rest of the birth chart suggests. These people know how to do things, and to get things done.",
        "Some Capricorns naturally turn their backs on things they deem too frivolous. They are very much concerned with things that are worthwhile — and that includes their own lives. Capricorns want to do and be something worthwhile. Like their Earth signs relatives, Taurus and Virgo, they need to feel useful and effective in the real world in order to be satisfied with their lives. But the Capricorn spin on the earth signs is that they have a stronger need for recognition in a worldly sense. They have a strong sense of society and its framework, and they feel most secure when they feel they are doing their part within that framework.",
        "Capricorns like to pare things down, and take pleasure in the simple things in life. However, many are attracted to status symbols and these ones will wear the best clothes (tasteful ones!) and drive quietly impressive cars.",
        "Comparing Capricorns to their symbol, the goat, brings up some interesting analogies. Solar Capricorns can see into the future, and plan for it. They don’t mind taking things slowly, but they absolutely aim to get to the top of the mountain in life! They make their way steadily and sure-footedly; and their strength and singleness of purpose are admirable.",
        "Capricorns can sometimes be rather lonely people, although they rarely let it show. They are often a little reserved–even standoffish. This is generally because they value all things practical, and they’ll seldom wear their emotions on their sleeves, unless they have a particularly flamboyant Moon sign.",
        "This is a sign that is surely the most resourceful of the zodiac. To some, Capricorns come across as unimaginative, but they can be enormously creative when it comes to the material world. They are generally very capable people with a strong sense of tradition and responsibility.",
        "Many Capricorns have mastered the art of making people laugh. Their sense of humor can be of the deadpan variety–they’re generally excellent at keeping a straight face. They can be bitingly sarcastic, too.",
        "Capricorns are not known for taking too many risks in life. They value the beaten track and things “tried and true”. This is not to say they are stick-in-the-muds — they simply value the hard work laid down by those who’ve been around before them.",
        "Turn to your Capricorn friends for help when you need to really get things done. They’ll have practical advice, and they’ll help you organize and manage your life a little better. Capricorns are generally good with their “word”, dependable, and rather loyal people."
    ],
    "source": "https://cafeastrology.com/articles/suninsigns_page2.html"
}