{
    "paragraphs": [
        "Can be gifted artistically, musically or with literature. They have an original way of expressing themselves, and quite frequently their work involves the occult in some fashion. They are distinctive, whether with color, personality or field of expertise. They are often blessed with a keen intuition. They have a vivid imagination and many are attracted to their personality. They may make good artists, musicians, writers, lawyers, scientists and arbitrators. They have a strong sense of justice, especially for the underdog. They are liable to be successful passing legislation to protect victims and other social issues.",
        "Alternatively, Libra Uranus may also experience domestic troubles, sorrow and separation from their marriage partner through death by accident or illness. Divorce may also loom in their future. They may have a hard time remaining loyal to their partner. If marriage is to succeed, they need space. They may have relationships that start or end abruptly. They may push the traditional perspective with an open marriage, multiple partners or other unusual partnerships. They may tend towards anarchistic behavior, or be known for their eccentricities.",
        "Usually far-sighted and can reason clearly. They can be ambitious. They are restless, and don't like others meddling in their business. Full of personal magnetism, they may find themselves in some unusual relationships. They have a short temper.",
        "Brings changes to partnerships, art and law. They do things in an unconventional, sometimes shocking way. They prefer things that are loosely defined rather than rigid. They like independence and freedom in all things. They are very tolerant of those with different beliefs or habits. They are good facilitators and have a talent for diplomacy. Uranus in Libra can be very cooperative and fair. They have progressive ideas that do not follow traditional rules. They are known for their logical prowess, and they seek intellectual pursuits. "
    ],
    "source": "http://www.alwaysastrology.com/uranus-in-libra.html"
}